[Music]
Hey, I had the run-in with Javi
Olivera.  Ah, this is great, man.  The
other day, eh, oh, I hope Lili is
listening to me and put this extract in the
description and put the one from the other day,
because the other day I was telling you
that Pilar Vera the other day made a
tremendous effort, okay?, to defend
Peppa from the 240. Imagine that she
had a fight with Peppa, eh?  But now she's
defending her because of the 240, because
I imagine that's why she's against me
.  I mean, you know that the
turning point in the end is me,
okay?  And I was telling you, I can't
find it.  They sent it to me, well, it was
Karime who had sent it to me in the end
.  It was Karime who had sent it to me
.  Hence, selling a pig in a poke.   He
has also eaten cats.  Damn, he's an
expert.  He has eaten cat.  He has eaten cat.
I have eaten cats and dogs from a Chinese.   The
health authorities closed it after three months.  We
got really sick.  Well, be careful,
okay?  Don't let them sell us a
pig in a poke.  Well, this is what
Pilar Vera is defending the 240 thing
, man.  Uh, the clash I
had with Javi Olivera was uh because
I defended Peppa Beltrán on the issue of her
donation.  He was saying some things,
eh, in fact he did an express live eh,
with his editor, Iván Lamas, I think his
name is.  Ivan is not an editor.
Iván is a friend, a colleague who
helps me with some things, but he's not my
editor or anyone else. He's part of my
team because he helps me with a lot of
things, of course, that I don't know how to do, and he
does them for me, you know?  But it's not an editor
who claimed that they had called
the Spanish Association Against Cancer
and that they had given them, well, what
Pepa had paid that hour, who had
requested the paper.  And I clarified, since
I worked for 24 years in a
non-profit foundation that received donations
both financially and in kind.  How does
the donation system work in
Spain?  eh that has eh eh eh Bangkok eh eh
the New York of Asia eh a
special legislation regarding
data protection and that they could not have
given them that data from the
Spanish Association Against Alcance, which they
do give it, which they gave it to me, they
gave it to Iván and they gave it to Tania
and they gave it to everyone who
called, what they cannot give you is
Peppa's ID, Peppa's phone number
, Peppa's last name, okay?
But if Peppa is a YouTuber who has
done a live stream saying that the money is
going to cancer, people call, "Hey,
this money came here."  Yes, this
lady was here this morning and
gave it to us.  Seriously, seriously, I'll
defend the ridiculous, man.  Seriously,
if Peppa had done that while talking
to me, you'd be in a frenzy, damn it.  Already.
Hey, but come on, it's something that
Tania herself told him too.
So I explained on
Peppa's channel how donations worked, and
she didn't like that I called her a liar.
But you are a liar, you
think Bangkok is the New York of
Asia.  You are a liar, you pretend to be
cultured and you don't even know how to write.  Seriously,
stop being such a clown, you
devil lady.  What a liar, what a liar.
But I called and I called a lot of
people who are here.  Lie.
You are lying to defend something
regrettable that you are capable of inventing.
What nonsense, really.  That
I and Tania made it up.  who is
eager to contradict me has also made it
up.  So, he sued me 14
times.  Hey, I haven't sued you 14
times.  I told you that you would have to
file a lawsuit because you started
saying that I had kept the
money I raised for some children in a
hospital and you made it up to defend
a person who had indeed
forgotten to give the donation to
defend the one who was your friend at
the time.  You made up something
that I didn't do.  I didn't make a
collection.  If I raise
funds, the money is given
immediately, like we did here when
we raised funds in Valencia,
okay?  If I raise
money for children in a
hospital, they'll have the money right away
, okay?  Just like what happened here with
Dana, we raised money and right
away, boom, I gave it to Gref, okay?  I
won't forget 7 months.  I didn't
give you a 14 command, which you had to give
yourself.  Of course, if you made up
a slander.  It turns out you're such a devilish old lady
that I'm not going to sue you
because you won't have time to
pay and you won't want to pay me and then you're
going to try not to open the
mail, I don't know what and if you're 70 years old
then you'll tell me how slow
that is, do you understand?  He came to the
conclusion that since I'm 68, I'm not going
to make it to trial, and at my age, I wasn't going
to make it to trial, and that it wasn't worth
suing me.  It's worth it.  It's not
worth it because you're not going to open the
mail and you're going to end up at 75 and
not pay.  So, what do you want
me to tell you about Javi Oliveira?  It's
wonderful.  No, but because in that
case you have a personal matter.   It's just
that, look, it's not personal for me.  Oh,
look, Amar, it's not personal for me to
explain how donations work
in Spain when the
Spanish Cancer Association itself has produced a
report that Peppa has in her possession.
that you're ridiculous, really, that you
're ridiculous, that Peppa isn't going to
show the report because Peppa didn't go
when she was supposed to go and worship him.  Peppa
went at 7 months, the son himself said it
and they are lying when the
son himself has recognized it.  They are lying
to defend a disgusting thing.  It's not
personal.  He says, "Look at your
Twitter account, María Pilar. Look, look, it's not
personal. Look at your Twitter account, how
obsessed you are. Look, look at
your entire Twitter account. Look, it's about
Javi. Look at a retweet about Javi to
defend Ra here against Frank because he
's Javi's friend. Okay, end of what you
're sharing. Look, look. Haha, he has no
other choice. And you think
everything any enemy of
Javi does is fine. Javi, don't get mad at me,
Naruga comes out. Look, he says he's a lawyer who
specializes in giving addresses. Look,
look at everything. Look, it appears here in a
tweet of mine, okay? About Lerlen, who
came to me the other day and said, "Give me the
number." Because Lerlen doesn't take the
demands. Láser, the thing is that
sooner or later laserl is my
age and then sooner or later he does
n't want to take it. Well, he already has
proof that it exists. If the
court is already tired of notifying, then
the  trial without him defending himself,
okay? And then he can't say later, "Oh,
it didn't reach me." No, no, if you're
perfectly aware that you have
the lawsuits, okay?  Give me the
procedure number.  My lawyer takes it and sends him
the lexnet with all the data.  Look,
your friend Laserlen has to take on the lawsuit
, Pilar.  To take the
complaint, you have my ID, yours, which of
course is included in the complaint, and
this letter with any of these three
things or all three together goes to the court and they
give you both complaints.  What did you
do when we saw
that the lawyer had given you this?  Hey,
I'm not going for her, better not.  Okay, he's come.
No, no, give me the number and I'll go get the
claim.  Here you have it.  Well, I
better not save you the trouble.  And
Pilar takes it and comes.  That lawyer is a
specialist in giving
wrong directions.  What are you talking about,
devil lady?  What the [ __ ]?  What the hell do
you know about the addresses or non-addresses
that the lawyer gives?  What addresses?
If the name is enough with the DNI.  But
what misguided direction is
Pablo Franco going to give this man if he already
has a criminal case against him,
to which Laserl has already appeared?
Confusing jurisdictions and mixing the
civil code with the criminal code.  Talking?
It's poetic to see how that space has fallen.
Clown face, clown face.
Clown face.  Clown face.  Clown face.
Clown face.  His
Twitter is completely, look, his Twitter
is completely about appearing, retweeting, and appearing in
tweets about Javi.  Look at this one, I do
n't know if this one was leaked to
Tania's WhatsApp conversation,
but this account is super ridiculous
because it's Tania or Nae Plana,
okay?  And they write things that are clearly
about them, right?  It's
really obvious that they're just spouting
nonsense and acting like they're
poor things, but it's like, look, regarding
Tania, Joan Planas, and Nik, who are the ones
with this account or that Sara
, you see the tweets and you say,
"Poor thing, right? Let him, if
your internet already knows who they are, how they've
ended up, and let them write with
an account and be and be
self-satisfied so that they can imagine that
someone supports them and that you support each other
without any further ado, okay? I mean, and it's
pitiful and pitiful, really. With
that man's lies.
That man's lies. So, what Javi, what
Javi is doing is not a joke. Eh, it
compromises a lot of people, not only on a
personal level, but also uh, the
Spanish Association Against Cancer.
Really, it's a matter of not compromising anyone,
of stopping defending the indefensible.
How embarrassing if I were your grandson and I
was listening to my grandmother's voice
Defending that disgusting thing. Damn, it does
n't compromise anyone, everyone
has the right to ask if that
donation was made, and I'm not making it up.
Tania and many other people also called, "Hey, he
's lying to defend what he is
." But anyway,
even if the association had provided
information it can't, the
point here is the donation.  The
point here is about the fact that they
fined him for data protection, but
the point here is the donation that was made
7 months later, that is, his
friends informed him and he ran away.  Well,
first he made a little scene crying, right?
Oh, scoundrels and scoundrels.  And then she left
on Monday morning to make the
donation because she's a liar like
you, Pilar, like all of you.  Very
daring, very very daring.  And he
seems like a dangerous guy to me.  I
know less about Dallas until the
cryptocurrency thing, and I really don't know who
the student is and who the teacher is.  That's
what happens.  I don't have any
personal animosity towards him at all, among
other things because I've always said,
listen to me, I've always said that I don't
like him.  Sorry, sorry, I just have to
thank a Pilar.  Excuse me for keeping my
mouth shut, you're going to talk about
cryptocurrency too.  Look, Trump,
Donald Trump, okay?  That's where I am
invested.  Donald Trump launched a
cryptocurrency, it went from being worth a few cents to
70, 80 cents in two days, right?
Cryptocurrency went to hell
because it's a meme coin, okay?  And
a few days ago it was, I think it was in $
meter out of curiosity and it's at 15. I don't know
what the hell is going on.  This is giving me another
boost again.
Okay, it's going to be the price I
bought it for, which was 20 or something like that.
You're not talking nonsense, really.
Listen to me, love, what happens is that his
followers like you or like Ana or like his
moderators or with all those people, with
all those people with all those people who
have... Forgive me, forgive me, I won't
put you because I didn't even know you, I've
known you, but all his
modelers, his hard core have spent
almost two years harassing me on social media and
calling me a hater, when I
have nothing personal with this man,
absolutely nothing.  It's a very ugly thing that you have an
account dedicated to me, that you
have accused me of, girl, I don't
like what you do or how you do it.
Pel that you did like and shared
my live shows.  I don't follow it, I'm not
interested.  I find out what he's
doing through clips, through reactions from
other streamers.  But come on, you know
what I do every day, every
[ __ ] day.  Its hard core.  But what
if his entire Twitter feed is responding to
all these multi-accounts, which are
harassment accounts, that's literally what
he's busted for.  They're all
wrecks.  I can't
even speak badly of him.  On a personal level.  I
can't say anything good or bad about him.  I don't
like how it communicates, right?  I don't
like how he kicks the dictionary's grammar
.  Well no, because I am a
lover of the language.  Hey,
I'm a language lover and
the lady is coming here.  Mrs. Bangkok is
the New York of Asia that is in
China, okay?  And he is a lover of
grammar.  And what happened to you with
grammar here?  A lover of language.  You, me
when they start being such clowns.
When they start being clowns like that,
what they do is make us laugh even more
.  What happened to you here with
grammar, Pilar?  Look, well, one of the
many times that Carlota Corredera's Black is confirmed
.  This isn't a rat, you
wrote it all like that because you
think it's written like that.  De blacke.  De
blacke.  If you had made a mistake, you
wouldn't have put the Q and the U. You would have
put the c here.  Know?  You
posted this because you think it's called
Blacke's.  And Black's, how is
Black's?  I'm the one who
wants to be cultured, right?  And they are a bunch of
nonsense, man, about the Spanish language.
But I can only criticize his
manner, I can
criticize his lies, but as a
communicator, as a person, he is a
beautiful person just like me, and I have not had
anything personal with him.  Don't do it,
I don't have a problem with him at
all.  He is a communicator, he is a
public figure and he has to
endure criticism and applause.
Both.  I have nothing but
historical ridicule.  Well, I don't know
if I'm going to be able to do this anymore, huh.  I don't know if I
'm going to be able to handle this, family.
[Music]